fix: typo in CONTRIBUTING.MD (#68)
GitGuardian/gitguardian-vscode: CONTRIBUTING.MD

Found a bug? Before reporting it:

> 1. Verify you can reproduce it in the latest version of Git Guardian VSCode Extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify you can reproduce it in the latest version of GitGuardian VSCode Extension.
```
